the coasts of the Big Island here will
fit in Hawaii
and it's about the midway point since
I've been here then just check this out
so I just want to do a midpoint review
on my whooping trip here so far and so
far I give it ten out of ten you know
such a big experience such a tremendous
experience to just be here and not be a
tourist in a sense because you're just
living the way your host does and doing
the things that they do so the place I'm
at is just fantastic and you know sherry
is such a great person and she's bitten
doing a lot and it's just a fantastic
time and these sites I mean
you know you don't see this anywhere
else
in the look out into the ocean is
breathtaking
so the mid review all I have to say is
like I said in my earlier videos just
get out of your comfort zone and just do
it you know if this is something that
you've wanted to do just do it man
because there's no better opportunity
than now there might be a later but now
is the best opportunity that's all I got
to say you know so my advice would be to
just if this is what you want and you
want to travel and you want to see
places wolfing is definitely the best
bet you know the place I'm staying at
it's less than twenty bucks a day and
three meals a day showers room board all
those kind of things so standing rain
now so alright I'll leave you with the
ocean